A script to set up a proxy to the catalog postgres database. (#65)
DataBiosphere/terra-data-catalog: scripts/hca/README.md

```sh
source .env/bin/activate
export USER_EMAIL=datacatalogadmin@test.firecloud.org

> # OR
> export USER_EMAIL=monster.pshapiro.dev@gmail.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# OR export your personal dev admin email address
```

Perhaps something like this?
